Implementing general {targets} configuration, archive of successful GEE run (#39)
AquaSat/AquaMatch_lakeSR: run_targets.Rmd

Reviewer: The code chunk after "Now, we'll make sure that the Earth Engine API is set up correctly." didn't open an external browser for me, but I'm guessing this is because I was already configured?

Author: nice catch. i'm adding a note that if you've done this before a browser may not open.

the process of setting up and running this workflow. Additional overview about
the {targets} workflow is available in the README file.

> Anytime this workflow is run, you should start in a new R session, otherwise 

Reviewer: question: does Session > Restart R count?

Author: Updates: I actually edited the error function and added a finally function to the tryCatch in pySetup.R that should no longer require a restart. I've updated the language to reflect this:

> After the above steps have been taken, create a virtual environment for this use 
of Python, so that we can test that your Earth Engine connection is working properly.

```{r}
source("python/pySetup.R")
```

> and walk the function along them all.

Reviewer: suggestion: Wording ~ like "Check each package to see if it's installed and install it if not."

```

## Completing the config.yml files

There are two configuration files for the lakeSR workflow. One is a general configuration
that controls the {targets} workflow (`config.yml`), the other is a configuration 
for the GEE pull (`b_pull_Landsat_SRST_poi/config_files/config_poi.yml`)

### General Workflow Configuration

> Configuration of the `config.yml` file is necessary for this workflow to function.

Reviewer: suggestion: Somewhere here might remind the user to invalidate re-make the `lakeSR_config` target any time that `config.yml` is updated. I forget this all the time.

Reviewer: Oh wait you might have taken care of this with "always"?

Author: yup! :)

For users outside of the ROSSyndicate, we recommend the 'default' configuration, 
which uses cached data files in the ROSSyndicate Google Drive to run the most time
consuming portions of the workflow (namely, calculation of waterbody centers and
the run/collation of GEE files). Comments within the `config.yml` file are present
for guidance. Users can create custom configurations as well, we provide the 
'default' configuration as a starting place for users. Before running this workflow
it is important to confirm that the desired `general_configuration` is set in the 

> _targets.R script on line 36.

Author: I ended up putting after the configuration section.

> 

Reviewer: Typo in "messagaes" on L148 but I can't suggest

Author: amaze. found it!

## Run the targets pipeline and output a network graph.

Just as a heads up, running the complete workflow with the configuration setting
`run_GEE: TRUE` will take multiple days, mostly because

> of the bottleneck at GEE - only ~10 tasks are cued at any given time, and GEE determines
> how many tasks are running at any given time (usually just 1-3 at any given time). 
> We use multiple cores for processing using {crew} workers integration with {targets} wherever 
> possible to increase efficiency of this process. This workflow currently uses 
> n-1 cores as detected by the {parallel} package. The GEE steps can not be run 
> using multi-core processes since the processing bottleneck is not local. 
> 
> This code chunk will inform you of how many cores are available on your computer:

Reviewer: Not sure if I'm understanding the exact wording here, but some suggestions:

```suggestion
of the bottleneck at GEE: Only ~10 tasks are cued at any given time, and GEE determines
how many tasks are running at any given time (usually just 1-3 at any given time). 
For local processes we use multiple cores, using {crew} worker integration with {targets} wherever 
possible to increase efficiency. This workflow currently uses 
n-1 cores as detected by the {parallel} package. However, GEE steps can not be run 
using multi-core processes since the processing (and bottleneck) is not local. 

This code chunk will inform you of how many cores are available on your computer:
```
